[Music]
he made a century we see that girl over
there on the red short have her legs for
any so tight you'll be begging for mercy
while I stay away from her again
loved your ideas on the squeezy doll
line Thanks do you like when you were
younger
no one I wasn't much different who are
you I'm his girlfriend
I want to spend the night with you do
you mean sleep over yeah okay but I get
to be on top
[Music]
but what is so special about basket he's
a grown-up how do I feel about what how
do you how do you feel about me
[Music]
you're only young once the best friend
what's more important that long but for
Josh I miss my family Susan I want to go
home oh my god you're married it just
might last a lifetime
[Music]
you'll never forget Tom Hanks Beluga
in big
[Music]